Well, we'll definitely be in touch!
Thank you for coming in, Jean!
Thank you so much! It was nice to meet you!
Yeah, these look great!
Yeah. Thanks so much for covering me at that park that day!
Oh yeah, no problem!
Didn't end up being so bad!
All right, here's what you need for L.A.
All right, make sure you get there early, because you have to check in with the manager...
..who's also a very powerful wizard!
So, make sure you have a 3-and-a half-leaf clover to protect yourself
from his magical spells.
And I'm also moving to Alaska to become a monk and start my own monastery.
It was nice knowing you.
Hope we stay friends.
DUDE!
Huh, what?
You're not even listening to me!
Oh, uh, sorry. I'm just trying to figure out when to meet Jean to exchange bags.
Oh, really?
I'm just excited to get my stuff back.
Come on, man! You like this girl!
She's cool!
And... I mean, we're just talking.
It's never 'just talking.'
And if it is- you better step your game up.
Why are you talking like that?
Listen, unless you want to be "just friends" with her...
...you have to make your intentions clear from the beginning.
Otherwise, you're just shooting yourself in the foot.
Well, I don't want to scare her off either.
You obviously like her, you just have to let her know, cause...
...who knows how many other guys she might be talking to?
She's not talking to other guys!
How do you know?
I could be talking to her right now!
Oh!
There she is!
Hey, Jean!
Yeah! it's Ben!
Yeah, dinner sounds great!
I'll pick you up after you hang out with your 'buddy,' Daniel.
Shut up!
Have you even looked at her profile?
What?
Does she have a lot of pics with other dudes?
I don't know, I haven't checked!
What?!
Dude you have a girl's full name and you haven't even looked her up online yet?
Dude, you got to do your homework these days!
Call me old school.
Call you lame!
Tags, status, pics, get with it!
What's her last name?
No!
Jean No?
Jean No
No, not "no!"
Never mind.
It'll be fine.
When I see her, I'll be very clear, OK?
How?
I'll figure it out then.
Yeah, right.
You've been thinking about this moment for the past 3 days straight.
Tell me what you're going to say to Jean when you first see her.
Pretend I'm Jean No.
Impress me.
Hi-
Hey, buddy! OMG, thank you so much for being a pal and taking care of my bag!
I can not wait to platonically hang out with you whenever it's convenient for me!
I'm so glad we're friends!
Oh, no.
See! You want that to happen?
You have to make your intentions clear!
OK, all right.
Let me try again.
Hi Jean. I really, really like you and I think about you constantly.
Creepy!
What do you want from me?
Oh, we got to get you to the airport now
Wait, what am I supposed to do?
Um, just get her something?
Thoughtful!
And be honest.
Not creepy.
Alright you are going to be late
Oh, wait, I need to stop by my apartment first.
(ringtone)
Hey...Jeremy.
Uh, yeah, I just got into town a couple of nights ago.
Hey, hold on, I just got to grab a couple things.
Hey, this really does look like your bag!
It's the exact same one!
Yeah, except with the panda on the side!
Oh, yeah, that's Edgar.
Ok...?
Sorta cute.
Can I have it? Do you think she'll mind?
Um, yeah. I mean I'm staying with a friend right now so...
Hey, where are those documents you were telling me about?
Right here
Are you trying to make me late?
Sorry.
So you packed that 3-and-a-half-leaf clover yet?
What?
You know, for the wizard!
What wizard?
You know when you go to L.A. there's gonna be a wizard waiting for you.
We've been over this.
Ben, what are you talking about?
He's going to put a spell on you and you need those clovers to, y'know, protect yourself.